[Applause]
in the United States you probably know
the molar report is out it's 448 pages
long it was delivered to members of
Congress this morning on cd-rom which
meant members of Congress had to dig out
their computers from 1994 to read it I
guess
say what you will about this president
he does have Americans reading again so
before the report came out this morning
Trump's defense attorney General William
Barr held a very curious press
conference which was clearly designed to
put a positive spin on this not very
positive report his special counsels
report states that his quote
investigation did not establish that
members of the Trump campaign conspired
or coordinated with the Russian
government in its election interference
activities well yes the report did say
that but right before it said that it
also said the Russian government
perceived it would benefit from a trump
presidency and work to secure that
outcome and the campaign expected it
would benefit electoral II from
information stolen and released through
Russian efforts the investigation also
identified numerous links between the
Russian government and the Trump
campaign according to Muller when Trump
went on TV remember when he went on TV
and urged the Russians to hack Hillary's
emails well five hours later they did
that's when they started packing the
Clinton campaign and now Trump is
president and Hillary lives in a hut or
something I don't know this pill bar I
don't know what his deal is but he looks
it looks like if Elton John had
conversion therapy he painted a
[Music]
rosy picture of this report he blotted a
lot of the report out there are almost a
thousand read actions I'm not sure what
this page was I and page 30 was a fun
page this is page 30 of the malla report
that's not redacted text that's a
close-up photo of Rudy Giuliani's teeth
because his teeth are horrible
many experts on the presidency were
shocked by Bill Bars willingness to spin
this thing in the president's favor the
Attorney General is supposed to be
independent not an apologist for the
White House but I'd say I wasn't
surprised at all and in fact if you look
watch this very closely in other words
there was no evidence of the Trump
campaign collusion with the Russian
government's hacking or has everything
to do with the Clinton campaign fusion
GPS in Russia so you see there's a
reason that bill Barr is so determined
anyway sometimes the Mission Impossible
movies just write themselves you know
the president's own lawyer Don Magan
gave some of the most interesting
testimony he said the president ordered
him to fire robert muller and he refused
which is probably what saved trump from
being impeached right now there are
numerous examples of trump's aides
ignoring his wishes
the reason Donald Trump is still in the
White House because no one White House
is listening doing them and in terms of
obstruction the report makes it
abundantly clear that yes the President
did repeatedly lie and ask others to lie
but and this is the important thing he
didn't lie to investigators he only lied
to us the American people and let's be
honest we deserve it we do the most
explosive part of the report comes on
page 290 it says when then Attorney
General Jeff Sessions told Trump a
special counsel has been appointed the
president slumped back in his chair and
said oh my god this is terrible this is
the end of my presidency
I'm EFT and of course he was wrong it
wasn't the end of his presidency and and
it's us and RF but he also said
said this is the worst thing that ever
happened to me and I assume that
includes Donald Jr being born DJ DJ
Mahler said that since Don Jr was unable
to understand the Criminal Code they
couldn't prosecute her in other words he
was ruled too stupid to collude but
still team Trump had a big victory lap
today the mood at the White House is
said to be almost giddy the president
even had some fun with this on Twitter
he posted no collusion no obstruction
for the haters and the radical left
Democrats game over I think he even
knows that's from game up tonight he
probably just put that picture back up
again he probably thinks this was taken
in the steam room at mar-a-lago you know
we've heard a lot this week about what
to expect from this Muller report and
what we would be not permitted to see
much of the report is redacted which is
it's a difficult concept to wrap your
head around so as a service those who
don't understand what redaction is we
put together this informative and
musical explanation that I hope will
help what are you doing I'm delivering
the Moller report to Congress no no no
you got to let me take a look at it
first who are you
I'm redaction Jackson
and this report needs some heavy-duty
redacted what so reject them
what's a redaction come with me
redaction Jackson blacking out words and
phrases and clauses reduction Jackson
so the PIO tus doesn't whine up behind
bars is Jackson
money laundering porn star payoffs shady
deals with Russian hackers and
straight-up collusion i redact this
sentence so the president doesn't get
this sentence not necessarily this
passage was about the president's secret
love child with the spy from the KGB but
now it says Trump loved KFC wow you're a
real American Hero reduction Jackson I
really have you wanna sniff my tip
suit yourself read action Jackson hi I'm
Jimmy Kimmel and I am NOT allowed to eat
this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now I'm
hungry